# 2.0.3

The new CCK version improves upon the user interface, stability, and user experience, making a well-rounded update with plenty of new, exciting features! Firstly, the new UI allows users to quickly and easily navigate the menus, improving efficiency, so that you can create and publish your content much faster. The new CCK also employs some new API features, such as CDNs, to improve your experience. This release also adds the new Emulator which allows you to test your content in-editor before publishing, reducing building and testing times and improving your workflow. Finally, on top of smaller improvements, the new CCK is now distributed via. [OpenUPM](https://openupm.com/), which makes updating quick and easy.

:::danger

+ All content published under any CCK version below 2.0.0 is now ***COMPLETELY BROKEN***! Please update your CCK as soon as possible!
+ Please remove the previous CCK from the Assets folder before importing the new CCK to avoid errors.

:::

## Changes

+ Brand new User Interface!
  + With a new User Interface designed and developed by [@200Tigersbloxed](https://play.hypernex.dev/dashboard?id=user_df9adfe6-f974-4b2c-a0b2-c574863c6fb6), navigating and uploading content should be much easier!
  + Thanks to [@Awesome](https://play.hypernex.dev/dashboard?id=user_0c4564e3-1028-4f2c-a04b-77f1a169b2ac) for also helping design some icons and providing feedback.
+ Added Emulator!
  + Quickly test all of your content in-editor before publishing to the platform.
  + Be sure to install the [Hypernex.Unity.CCK.Emulator](https://openupm.com/packages/dev.hypernex.cck.unity.emulator/) package to use this!
+ New Animations!
  + Thanks to [@Obi1](https://play.hypernex.dev/dashboard?id=user_ae911c77-8420-40ea-a2ff-05f5d3f13ca3) for selecting and implementing new ones!
  + This also includes improvements to the Animator Controller.
  + Note that this same Animator is used in the client.
+ Switch to OpenUPM as the package manager.
  + See [this installation guide](./../../nexadamy/intro/cck/index.md) for more information.
  + `.unitypackage`s will no longer be distributed for the CCK.
+ Removed support for DynamicBones.
  + Please use AkBoneDynamics.
+ Added File Schematic to `IVideoPlayer`.