# 2024.08.1b

This release of Hypernex is another big one! More features, more fun! This update adds the awaited databasing system which allows us to expand our features while keeping them optimized! Additionally, Avatar profiles now exist! You can save your avatar parameters to a profile, and the selected profile will be equipped whenever you load your avatar. This and other small feature additions really round out this update!

## Changes

+ Added Database System!
  + This is a local database which stores various information about worlds, avatars, configurations, etc.
  + The new databases allow clients to add more features while keeping everything optimized
    + Without this, you would expect thousands of lines in config files 😅
+ Avatar profiles!
  + Allow you to save avatar parameters on an avatar
  + The last used profile is automatically loaded when loading your avatar
+ Avatar Gesture Identifier Overrides
  + Allows Avatars to select different Gesture Identifiers
  + This is useful for avatars that are made for different gesture systems
+ Upgraded to [Unity 2023.2.20f1](https://unity.com/releases/editor/whats-new/2023.2.20)

:::warning

**TextMeshPro** (and anything uGui related) **MUST** be rebuilt! Find out more below.

:::

+ Added [Volume](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@16.0/manual/Volumes.html) support
+ Cameras will now focus on your head if they are closer than your chest

## API Changes

### Unity 2023.2.20f1 Upgrade

For the most part, everything from the previous version will work fine; however, anything uGui (and TextMeshPro) related will need to be rebuilt.

**Rebuild Guide**

1. Upgrade your project to [Unity 2023.2.20f1](https://unity.com/releases/editor/whats-new/2023.2.20)
    + Be sure to backup your files!
2. Upgrade TextMeshPro in the Package Manager (if it wasn't already)
3. Upgrade uGui in the Package Manager (if it wasn't already)
4. Open the TextMeshPro Upgrade utility at `Window > TextMeshPro > Project Files GUID Remapping Tool`
5. Scan project files
6. Save modified project files

If this doesn't fix any blank text, you may need to do a complete reimport. You can accomplish this by deleting your `Library` folder in your project directory (with the project being closed).

If that doesn't fix the issue, a complete redo of your UI components may be necessary. Only you can decide if that is easier than making a new project.