# 2024.07.1b

This update addresses more issues with Voice Chat and works towards getting it more stable. We also added new features for VRCFaceTracking and both Avatar and World Components sanctions.

## Changes

+ More Microphone Fixes
  + The latency should be even lower and should sound better and be more reliable
  + Huge thanks to [Virtual](https://github.com/VirtualBrightPlayz) for this!
+ Added LibVLC Support!
  + This is still a *massive* WIP and plenty of features are missing
    + The biggest feature missing would be [AudioSource output](https://code.videolan.org/videolan/vlc-unity/-/issues/141) *(this is possible without a plugin compile!)*
  + You can disable LibVLC playback with the `--no-vlc` argument
  + While you can pay for the pre-built assembly (which is what we did), you can also build it yourself for free
    + You can also use the demo version for testing if you don't want to build or pay, but you should not use this for production!
    + The gitignore automatically ignores only the `VLCUnity` folder
      + Some builds have a `VLC-Unity-Windows` folder (or something like that) so be sure to gitignore that too if you happen to see it!
+ Added Component Security
  + This prevents blacklisted components from being loaded on certain Avatars and Worlds
  + This will also automatically set restrictions on allowed components (if any)
+ Added integrated VRCFaceTracking parameters!
  + These would be parameters such as `.../v2/JawOpen`
  + You can see a full list of parameters [here](https://docs.vrcft.io/docs/tutorial-avatars/tutorial-avatars-extras/parameters)
    + v1 Parameters are also supported
+ Added Camera Feedback support for VRCFaceTracking
  + You can view this (if your hardware supports it) in the Settings > Face Tracking > Cameras tab
+ Added a separate audio slider for Avatar's AudioSources in the Settings
+ The LocalPlayer will no longer be moved into the current scene and will always stay in the DontDestroyOnLoad scene
+ The RockNRoll Gesture can now be activated regardless of the thumb's curl
+ Added trusted URLs
  + This is currently *not* configurable in the UI.
  + You can configure this at `%appdata%/../LocalLow/200Tigersbloxed/Hypernex/config.cfg` file
    + This location may change in the future
+ Bumped VRCFaceTracking to version 5.2.3.0
+ DirectX 11 is now the automatic Rendering API for Windows
  + This was for LibVLC, so if you do not need LibVLC, you can always use a [Unity launch argument](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/PlayerCommandLineArguments.html) to change it to DirectX 12 again (`-force-d3d12`)

## Extra

+ Happy birthday release to spidget! 🎂