# 2024.11.1b

This is a quick patch for Video Player compatibility. While it will feel like a new update with many new features and more stability, this is a quick patch, so there may be many issues.

This update focuses mainly on ensuring compatibility with downloading media. To accomplish this, we unfortunately had to remove cobalt due to [their new API restrictions](https://github.com/imputnet/cobalt/discussions/860). While we could just host our instance, this is too expensive for us, complicated, unnecessary, and will only bring their previous problems our ways, regardless of how many turnstiles (which would only make everything worse for how we download) or API keys (can't ship on client) there are. We still love coablt and will continue to use it outside of Hypernex, and we recommend you use it too!

In replacement, we have switched to [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp). This works amazingly for identifying URLs, downloading videos, and post-processing. Unfortunately, this will not support Android for the time being, but this is not a huge issue for us right now, since Android builds have been unstable for ages now. yt-dlp will automatically be downloaded on first launch and will be stored in `/path/to/hypernex/Hypernex.Unity_Data/StreamingAssets/ytdl`. If you want to update it, remove that folder.

## Changes

+ Added yt-dlp support for downloading videos
  + This should improve the VideoPlayer experience significantly, noting faster downloads, reliable videos, and more support
+ Made the UnityVideoPlayer the default Video Player
+ Added new Streaming Engine API
+ Removed Cobalt
+ Fixed stretch issue with UnityVideoPlayer
  + Now stretches to fit vertically
+ Bump IHateUnityTime

## API Changes

### Streaming Media

As stated previously, we have removed cobalt and replaced it with yt-dlp. Given this change, we no longer have a Cobalt class. If you would like to learn how to use the new Streaming API, then [check out the docs for it!](./../../engine-api/streaming/index.md)