# 2026.04.1b

We have been hard at work on this update. There are plenty of changes to go over with plenty of new additions, new features, and bug fixes!

## Multiple Operating Systems Support

That's right! In this update, we finally build for multiple platforms. As of this update, we support the following platforms:

+ Windows 10/11 (x64)
  + OpenXR Supported
+ macOS (Silicon)
+ Linux (x86_64)
+ Android (arm64)
  + OpenXR with Meta Quest Supported

:::important

While iOS is *technically* supported, we do not publish builds for it. You can read why [here](<https://github.com/TigersUniverse/Hypernex.Unity/pull/37#issuecomment-4151195489>).

:::

From here on out, we plan to build and test for these platforms; however, there are plenty of changes that have not been fully tested, so if you run into any issues on your specific platform, please report them on our [GitHub Issues page](<https://github.com/TigersUniverse/Hypernex.Unity/issues>).

:::note

+ Despite the newest operating systems changes, the Hypernex CCK will continue to only require users to build for Desktop and Mobile platforms. We recommend updating your content to support Mobile content if it is not already.

+ Content that does not support the end user's platform will not be shown to them.

:::

## Performance Improvements

While rewriting our network code for IL2CPP (to be compatible with mobile platforms), this also required us to write some more improvements to the code.

1. MessagePack messages are now pre-generated
    + This means that serializing and deserializing messages will perform much faster across all platforms
2. Reduction in GC
    + Reducing GC (Garbage Collection) reduces memory reallocation and in turn reduces random stuttering
    + This shows promising results across all platforms

:::note

We do not plan to switch to IL2CPP on Desktop platforms; they will continue to be Mono. Only mobile platforms will use IL2CPP.

:::

## BuildTools

The new BuildTools windows (located at `Hypernex > BuildTools`) allows developers to quickly configure their Unity project for the platform they are trying to target. Simply open the window and it will automatically configure your Unity project.

## Changes

+ Added support for macOS, Linux, and Android.
  + Not all platforms support OpenXR. Please check BuildTools to verify if yours does.
  + yt-dlp works on macOS and Linux. Android is not supported yet.
+ Interfaced LipSync Providers.
+ Implemented OpenLipSync.
  + This allows for Lip Syncing on platforms that Oculus Lip Sync does not support.
+ Create BuildTools editor window.
+ Auto-reload shaders on Metal platforms.
  + macOS and iOS support is dependent on this without requiring a separate content build.
  + This will work fine for shaders that are bundled with Hypernex, but for ones that are not, they will fallback to `Universal Render Pipeline/Lit`.
    + Feel free to open a PR merging a shader into our game.
+ Fixed Regressing Microphone Delay issue.
+ Fixed issue where Microphones and Playback would not work on non-48kHz devices.
+ Fixed issue where gestures would not sync.
+ Rewrite networking code to be compatible with IL2CPP.
+ Improve GC in LocalPlayer.
+ Fixed issue where vlc-unity would fail to render on Vulkan.
+ Recompile native binaries for all platforms.
+ Improved microphone encode/decode.

## Known Issues

+ Finger tracking in OpenXR may not work correctly on all VR controllers.
  + This has been noticed on Valve Index Controllers.
  + This issue has been patched on Android XR Headsets.
+ Microphones will not playback correctly on other clients if the sender's frame rate is too low.
+ VLC Video Players may appear brighter than the video actually is on mobile platforms.
+ VLC Video Players do not support Linux.
+ VLCAudioSources may delay audio.
  + If this happens, try reloading the Video Player.
+ BuildTools may not appear with compile errors.
  + This will likely happen on your first project open.
  + When this happens, simply remove the `VLC` and `MAGICACLOTH2` scripting definitions in your Project Preferences window, then open BuildTools.